Congratulations on completing the speech recognition module.
We've covered a lot of ground.
We started with signal analysis taking apart the sound characteristics of the signal,
and extracting only the features we required to decode the sounds and the words.
We learned how the features could be mapped to
sound representations of phonemes with HMM models,
and how language models increase accuracy when decoding words and sentences.
Finally, we shifted our paradigm and looked into the future of speech recognition,
where we may not need feature extraction or separate language models at all.
Now, you're ready to implement your capstone project.
I hope you've enjoyed learning this subject as much as I've enjoyed teaching it.
This one's for you, an end to end ASR using deep neural networks. Enjoy.